# Online Reservation System for Resource Generation Office of BSU Lipa
The effective school uniform reservations are essential to provide students with the opportunity to purchase the appropriate attire required of their university. There are several challenges related to achieving uniform slot reservations.
     	One of the particular problems is that a lot of students are unaware of the availability of school uniforms for their purchase. The main source of information for school uniform reservations on Batangas State University Lipa Campus appears on Facebook which may not be accessible to all students. This leads to students missing important announcements about school uniform reservations.
     	With the current situation in Batangas State University Lipa Campus there are a lot of students who are not wearing uniforms when they enter school. They either wear a casual outfit or organization and department shirts. This is because not all students are able to buy school uniforms early due to the scheduling and reservation issues that are present.
     	These issues can be due to several kinds of reasons. Some students, particularly freshmen may not be aware of the university’s social media sites since they are not followed to the school social media platforms. Also, not all students are actively participating in group discussions where details about reservations might be shared. These concerns have a negative effect to students. These might lead students to experience being not able to acquire uniform reservations, to be not aware of reservation chances to miss reservation announcements and have difficulty finding relevant posts regarding the slot reservation on Facebook.
	Several potential methods have been presented to overcome these difficulties. These include implementing uniform reservation functionalities into the university’s portal system and allowing the portal to send notifications about reservation opportunities providing an easy access to the uniform reservation on the portal. Applying these solutions may help to organize the procedure for making reservations, provide awareness and enhance accessibility. All of which will benefit students and the university as a whole.
